---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "standesamt_config Data Source - standesamt"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data source to generate the naming schema and configuration for the Standesamt provider.
---

# standesamt_config (Data Source)

Data source to generate the naming schema and configuration for the Standesamt provider.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Basic usage - use defaults from the provider
data "standesamt_config" "default" {
}
# Advanced usage - override specific settings
data "standesamt_config" "production" {
  environment = "prod"
  separator   = "-"
  lowercase   = true
  prefixes    = ["mycompany"]
  suffixes    = ["001"]
}
# Usage with location
data "standesamt_config" "westeurope" {
  environment = "dev"
  location    = "westeurope"
}
# Combine with name function
data "standesamt_locations" "default" {
}
locals {
  config = {
    configuration = data.standesamt_config.default.configuration
    locations     = data.standesamt_locations.default.locations
    schema        = data.standesamt_config.default.schema
  }
}
output "resource_group_name" {
  value = provider::standesamt::name(local.config, "azurerm_resource_group", {}, "example")
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `convention` (String) Define the convention for naming results. Possible values are 'default' and 'passthrough'. Will override the convention defined in the provider settings.
- `environment` (String) Define the environment for the naming schema. Normally this is the name of the environment, e.g. 'prod', 'dev', 'test'. Will override the environment defined in the provider settings.
- `hash_length` (Number) Default hash length. Overrides all schema configurations. Overrides the default hash length defined in the provider settings.
- `location` (String) A location string used to lookup in the locations schema. In the default schema library this is a list of locations for Azure. If you set the location to 'westeurope' the resulting name will be 'we'.
- `lowercase` (Boolean) Control if the resulting name should be lower case. Overrides all schema configurations. Overrides the default lowercase setting defined in the provider settings.
- `prefixes` (List of String) A list of strings used as prefixes for the resulting name. Each prefix will be used in order and separated by the separator. Default '[]'
- `random_seed` (Number) A random seed used by the random number generator. This is used to generate a random name for the naming schema. The default value is 1337. Make sure to update this value to avoid collisions for globally unique names. Will override the random seed defined in the provider settings.
- `separator` (String) The separator to use for generating the resulting name. Will override the separator defined in the provider settings.
- `suffixes` (List of String) A list of strings used as suffixes for the resulting name. Each suffix will be used in order and separated by the separator. Default '[]'

### Read-Only

- `configuration` (Object) Configuration object that contains the resulting configuration for the naming schema. This is used to pass the configuration to the naming function. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration))
- `schema` (Map of Object) A map of naming schema objects that is generated from the schema library file schema.naming.json. This attribute is used to get passed to the naming function. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--schema))

<a id="nestedatt--configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration`

Read-Only:

- `convention` (String)
- `environment` (String)
- `hash_length` (Number)
- `location` (String)
- `lowercase` (Boolean)
- `prefixes` (List of String)
- `random_seed` (Number)
- `separator` (String)
- `suffixes` (List of String)


<a id="nestedatt--schema"></a>
### Nested Schema for `schema`

Read-Only:

- `abbreviation` (String)
- `configuration` (Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--schema--configuration))
- `max_length` (Number)
- `min_length` (Number)
- `resource_type` (String)
- `validation_regex` (String)

<a id="nestedobjatt--schema--configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `schema.configuration`

Read-Only:

- `deny_double_hyphens` (Boolean)
- `hash_length` (Number)
- `name_precedence` (List of String)
- `use_environment` (Boolean)
- `use_lower_case` (Boolean)
- `use_separator` (Boolean)
