---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "name-here Provider"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# name-here Provider





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `convention` (String) Default convention for all naming results. Possible values 'default', 'passthrough'. Default 'default'
- `environment` (String) Environment parameter.
- `hash_length` (Number) Default hash length for resource schema. Overrrides all naminng schema configurations defined in json files.
- `lowercase` (Boolean) Namig result formating. Default 'false'
- `random_seed` (Number) Random seed for naming schema.
- `schema_reference` (Attributes) A reference to a Naming schema library to use. The reference should either contain a `path` (e.g. `azure/default`) and the `ref` (e.g. `2025.03.1`), or a `custom_url` to be supplied to go-getter.
If this value is not specified, the default value will be used, which is:

```terraform
schema_reference= {
 path = "azure/default", ref = "2025.03.1"
}
``` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--schema_reference))
- `separator` (String) Naming schema separator. Default '-'

<a id="nestedatt--schema_reference"></a>
### Nested Schema for `schema_reference`

Optional:

- `custom_url` (String, Sensitive) A custom path/URL to the schema reference to use. Conflicts with `path` and `ref`. For supported protocols, see [go-getter](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/hashicorp/go-getter/v2). Value is marked sensitive as may contain secrets.
- `path` (String) The path in the default schema library, e.g. `azure/default`. Also requires `ref`. Conflicts with `custom_url`.
- `ref` (String) This is the version of the schema reference to use, e.g. `2025.03.1`. Also requires `path`. Conflicts with `custom_url`.
